Use ZipDeploy API when deploying functions apps (#24702)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Websites/Websites/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * `Publish-AzWebApp` now uses ZipDeploy to publish Function Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported the parameter `ZipDeploy` in cmdlet `Publish-AzWebApp` to publish Function Apps
```
